#summary This page describes how to use MCrux as an application development framework.
#labels Phase-Design

== Getting Started ==

This article will be useful for JavaScript / HTML / CSS Programmer who are willing to write desktop applications using their same set of skills.

This article describes step by step procedure for getting started with MCrux.

== Getting The Binaries ==

you can get the binaries of MCrux in the featured download section shown on the Right corner of the "Project Home" page.

also various plugin binaries available in the same section.

you have to get the "WebKit zip" and "MCrux.zip" files and extract it to one folder.

There are various plugins available in the download section. for plugins create a directory named "plugins" as a subfolder and place the dlls in that directory.


== Creating MCruxSpec File ==

for creating an application the very first thing you need to do is to create a MCruxSpec File

checkout [http://code.google.com/p/mcrux/wiki/MCruxSpecFile mcruxspec File] section for more details on ".mcruxspec" files.

*Important*: for the current version of MCrux Binaries assumes that the ".mcruxspec" file is available as [c:\mcrux\myApplication.mcruxspec]. In future versions this dependency will be removed.

== Getting Various Plugins ==
for MCrux users we have developed a set of plugins you can download them and use it in your application.

please refer [http://code.google.com/p/mcrux/wiki/Plugins Plugins] section for more detail.

== Running The Application ==

after getting all the above and placing in appropriate place you can now run your application.

there is an executable file named "*MCrux_exe.exe*" which is shipped with the binary packages.

here you go.. just double click the executable and your application is running in ur PC.

*Note*: this is currently under development. I am planning to register the ext. ".mcruxspec" registered to the "MCrux_exe.exe" so that you just double click the mcruxspec file and it will run your application. :)