#labels MCruxPlugin,libxml,saxparser
= *LIBXMLSAXParser* Plugin is a SAX parsing library=

== Introduction ==

* LIBXMLSAXParser is a SAX parsing library provided as a plugin of MCrux.
* It uses libxml as the backend parsing library.

== Details ==

  * steps to follow while using *LIBXMLSAXParser*

  * you need to get the *LIBXMLSAXParser.dll* and place it in a 
  * add {{{'<plugin name="LIBXMLSAXParser"/>' in the '<plugins></plugins>' section of MCruxSpecFile }}}
  * here you go now you have a LIBXMLSAXParser plugin ready to work with MCrux.

== APIs ==

  * you can create an object of LIBXMLSAXParser plugin in JavaScript using following code block

  *  {{{ var saxParserObj = new mcrux.libxml_saxparser();  }}}

== Event Listeners ==

there are following event listeners available.

onStartElement(event)
  * This Event is raised when an XML start tag is found.
  * parameters:event
  * event.tag : the tag name of the start-element
  * event.attributes : various attributes available in the tag.

onCharacters(event)
  * This Event is raised when an XML start tag is found.
  * parameters:event
  * event.characters : the characters which are found in between the start and end elements.

onEndElement(event)
  * This Event is raised when an XML end tag is found.
  * parameters:event
  * event.tag : the tag name of the end-element

you can call following methods on saxParserObj.

xmlParseChunk(data)
  * you can parse your xml file chunk by chunk by calling this method in loop.
  * data will be parsed by the Plugin and Events are raised appropriately.

== How To Register Event Handlers ==

addEventListener(eventName, HandlerFunction)
  * *EventName* is the name of the event which you want to handle.
  * *HandlerFunction* is the function which you want to be called.

removeEventListener(eventName, HandlerFunction)
  * *EventName* is the name of the event which you want to handle.
  * *HandlerFunction* is the function which you want to remove from the call list.