#summary The Main Wiki Page Which links all parts of MCrux.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

MCrux is a framework which provides rapid development of desktop Applications using JavaScript/CSS/HTML as front-end.

It provides "Plugin Architecture" such that one can extend the MCrux functionalities very easily.

= How To =

== How to use MCrux ==

for using MCrux download binary packages from the featured download.

refer [http://code.google.com/p/mcrux/wiki/HowToUseMCrux HowToUseMCrux] for more detail.

== Architecture of MCrux ==
MCrux uses WebKit as a Browser cum JavaScript Engine in the back-end.

It allows Developers to extend MCrux easily and add various functionalities they want.
There are some of the basic functionalities like filesystem, socket, sqlite database etc.. are in current development phase.

see the [architecturelink Architecture of MCrux] 

== Development Updates ==
we are posting various development updates at [http://groups.google.com/group/mcrux-dev MCrux Dev Mailing List]

you can subscribe to RSS Feeds of various issues open.

== Contact us ==

Mital Vora. <mital@mcrux.com> is the founder of MCrux Project.

you can contact me by any of the following means.

  * *mailing list*: you can connect us via email to our mailing list [http://groups.google.com/group/mcrux-dev MCrux Dev Mailing List]
  * *IRC Channel*: we are available through the IRC channel irc.freenode.net #mcrux (available for only limited hours) 
  * you can contact me directly by dropping a mail at mital@mcrux.com

== Licensing ==

MCrux is an opensource project available under GPLv3. It is also available under custom licenses. For more details contact mital@mcrux.com